INSTRUCTIONS- When the program is first ran it gives multiple options for the user
as the user you get to input a certain number correlating with the opyion
you would like to do. for example if you wanted to add to a list you would
insert the number to the left of that funtion, which is one. you would type '1'
and hit the key 'enter'. if you choose a number that does not correlate with one
of these functions, you will get the statement "you made a whoopsie". so you must choose
an integer that correlates with the given functions (1-11). throughout the program
there will be certain instructions for the given task. if you choose the function 1
you will have to type an integer into the program shell and hit enter. 


BINARY SEARCH- binary search is an algorithm that is made to find a specific set of data. 
it accomplishes this by dividing the given list into two sections constantly until it 
narrows down the location for the given data. in the recursive binary search function 
the user gets returned the mid value and the certain index position. it finds the mid
value by using (high + low)//2. if the list(s) for example arent filled out, the program
will return "your number isnt here" because it has no set data to work off of. for the iterative
binary search, it runs by also returning the mid value but not the certain index pos.


CHANGES IVE MADE/WANT TO MAKE- the main change i would like to make to this program is 
to make some of the options more user friendly. for example some of the given functions
when you first start the shell, you arent able to do because you have to comeplete other
functions beforehand. you could do this by changing the input to the user when first entering
and change the functions into two sections. the first section could be what you are able
to do without prior functions, and the second will be the functions you have to do after 
other functions. another change i would like to make is with the new function i added
called the letterList. this list is seperate from the other functions, so for example it is not
implemented into the printLists function. 